SECURITY-59: Add GHA workflows (#63)
kbase/search_api2: jsonrpcbase/README.md

Reviewer: not reviewing the vendored code here, assuming it's an exact C&P. If that's not true LMK

Author: exact C&P

Author: I did add one line to fix the failing unit test; otherwise, it would raise a KeyError.
https://github.com/kbase/search_api2/blob/4fd352aa5e5f294107a857668347e81503701914/jsonrpcbase/main.py#L59

Reviewer: That suggests we're using the wrong version of this library, if there's a missing handler for an internal exception

Reviewer: yeah, so the last commit for jsonrpcbase is alpha5: https://github.com/kbaseincubator/jsonrpcbase/commits/master/

But this codebase is using alpha6

Reviewer: ... never mind the fact that the codebase is using something labeled with an alpha at all

Author: https://github.com/kbase/search_api2/pull/63#discussion_r2093588873

# jsonrpcbase

> Simple JSON-RPC service without transport layer.
> 
> This repository includes a vendored copy of [jsonrpcbase](https://github.com/kbaseincubator/jsonrpcbase) to resolve dependency conflicts.
> 
> Specifically, this is version kbase-jsonrpcbase 0.3.0a6, extracted from [pypi](https://pypi.org/project/kbase-jsonrpcbase/)
> 
> The original repository was only used by this project, so the code has been brought in directly to simplify maintenance and eliminate external dependency issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple JSON-RPC service without transport layer.

This repository includes a vendored copy of [jsonrpcbase](https://pypi.org/project/kbase-jsonrpcbase/) version `0.3.0a6` to resolve dependency conflicts.

Note that there exists a [github repo](https://github.com/kbaseincubator/jsonrpcbase) which is presumably the source of the PyPi module, but it appears to only contain the alpha5 release of the code vs. PyPi's alpha6. It is not clear where the alpha6 code resides other than PyPi,

The original repository was only used by this project, so the code has been brought in directly to simplify maintenance and eliminate external dependency issues.
```

Author: 👍
